Reviewer 1:

1. When the code is run on the Google Nexus emulator in Titanium Appcelerator it returns an error that reads: "unexpected token: operator (<<) [line 147, column 44]" The program expects the line "<<your code to be called>>" to reference the heading code to be displayed when the compass gadget is opened.
2. The code does not return any errors until the compass gadget is created but unfortunately the Tea application does not show up on my emulator. The problem with the code is that there is unexpected tokens in the code where the event listeners are added in the compass gadget. My solution to this problem was to try to find the unexpected tokens, such as unecessary semicolons and parentheses, and delete those tokens to get the code to run. Even after removing all unexpected tokens the code will still not run on my emulator.
3. The code referencing the naviagtion between the two windows seems to be written correctly but doesn't run properly because the compass gadget doesn't have the heading code necessary. I have tried to address the problem by naming a heading or referencing a tab or button but the code still does not run on my emulator. It may be a problem with my emulator and not the code but it does not run even after troubleshooting.
4. The gadget code being used is for the compass and is referenced in the book on pages 163-171. The code had a few errors such as missing spaces and commas. My solution was to go through the code in the book and rewrite it line by line to ensure there was no errors. After making a few changes, the code still doesn't work on my emulator, but even the book says that this gadget will only run on an actual device. Therefore, all the code I have seen seems to be correct but I am unable to run it because I don't have an actual deice connected to Titanium.
